Corrected 'Meeting Room' license name (#3421)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/room-systems/skype-room-systems-v2.md

> > If you are currently using E1, E3, E4, E5 SKUs with Skype for Business Standalone Plan 1 or Skype for Business Plan 2 or Skype for Business Plan 2 with Audio conferencing or with Office365 Phone System and a Calling Plan, these will continue to work. However, you should consider moving to a simpler licensing model in the table above after current licenses expire. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are currently using E1, E3, E4, or E5 SKUs with Skype for Business Standalone Plan 1 or Skype for Business Plan 2 or Skype for Business Plan 2 with Audio conferencing or with Office 365 Phone System and a Calling Plan, these will continue to work. However, you should consider moving to a simpler licensing model in the table above after current licenses expire. 
```

Reviewer 2: @shivtorov - please accept Johan's changes so we can merge this PR. thanks!
